what's up guys and gals so it's Brock
Tober week 2 and today I had to go Toys
R Us spend 20 bucks and get the second
week exclusive retro minifigure magnet
which was the the forest man on Saturday
October 15 to 24 p.m. they got this
event at participating toys r us stores
you use Lego bricks to build American
spy car rod torque redline from cars to
and take it home so that's pretty cool
i'm pretty sure it's just for kids I'm
so if you you have kids if you're a kid
yourself get yourself to toys r us on
october 15 also this week you can get
this Ninjago battle arena for free if
you spend fifty dollars or more on Lego
and it's it's a 1999 value funny thing
about that is that's what I decided to
get for my purchase this week so yeah it
is that 3d Spinjitzu arena is 1999 I
decided to get this because like I said
last week I already have most of the
smaller sets that I want you know I
really don't want to spend too much more
than twenty bucks to get the exclusive
minifigure magnet fun tomatoes 1999 you
know you guys spent twenty bucks to get
the minifigure magnet so I had to spend
a little more yeah this was like for
something but it is something i didn't
have yet I almost was going to get one
of the poly bag sets but I already have
all those are ready and I could have
gotten you know like a serious five
minifigure but I already have a complete
set and so I decided to get this and
sigh i also don't have this right here
is the bricked over week to retro
minifigure magnet it is indeed the
forest man as i as i thought it would be
I just didn't know exactly what is
called from 1990 really cool what's
interesting is when the cashier was
going to get this they actually still
have the ninja princess but also the
night and the spacemen in the box but
not the forest man yes she had to go to
the back room to look for it and it was
interesting that they already had out
there the night and space man she even
said it too she's like whyare these out
here already through you guys have it
it's my brick Tober week to hoe stay
tuned because next Sunday
I'll have a the week 3 Hall to share
with you guys and actually this coming
friday the fourteenth is San Diego's
lego store grand opening so I'll
definitely be there for that and begin
some video for you guys so stay tuned
and as always hope you guys enjoyed and
thanks for watching